Get correct absolute path of changed files when `.changeset/` is not in the root of the repository (#770)
changesets/changesets: .changeset/silly-sloths-brush.md

---
"@changesets/git": patch
---

> Get correct repository root instead of `cwd`when getting absolute paths of changed files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`getChangedFilesSince` will now return the correct absolute paths of the changed files when the passed `cwd` is different from the repository's root.
```

Reviewer: We should also add a separate changeset file with such content:
```md
---
"@changesets/cli": patch
---

`changeset add` and `changeset status` should now properly handle the situation where Changesets are managed from a directory different than the root of the repository.
```
